---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About"
---

<div>
  <img src="/assets/HeadShot_McCarthy_Website.png" class="sm:w-1/2 mx-auto" alt="coding dev illustration">
</div>

<p>
Kevin's entry into the field of science is a bit unorthodox.  After
earning a Bachelor's degree in Marketing from the Florida State
University in 2009, Kevin entered the job market just as the Great
Recession reached its peak. After a few years of struggling to find any
substantial work, he decided to go back to school in 2012. Propelled by
childhood dreams of being an astronaut and field trips to NASA's Kennedy
Space Center, he decided to major in Physics with the hope of becoming
an astrophysicist. During his time at the University of North Florida,
in his hometown of Jacksonville, FL, he worked on simulating the
behavior of neurons in the neocortex to test a cognitive theory,
neuro-semantic dynamics, with Prof. John Anderson, explored the
possibility of population III stars with Prof. Jane McGibbon, and, as
the Astronomy Club President, acquired funds from the Department to
construct a table-top fiber-fed spectrograph for use by club members
during dark-sky trips. After graduating Summa Cum Laude in 2015, he
moved to Salt Lake City to pursue a PhD at the University of Utah, under
the advisership of Dr. Zheng Zheng, focusing on galaxy clustering
modeling systematics that arise when using the Halo Occupation
Distribution (HOD) in the presence of galaxy assembly bias, both
theoretically and observationally. Kevin earned his PhD on May the 4th,
2021, and began his appointment as a NASA postdoctoral fellow later that
year, working with Dr. Yun Wang here at IPAC and Dr. Daniel Stern at
JPL, leading a key project paper for the Observational Systematics
Working Package of the Galaxy Clustering Science Working Group in the
Euclid Consortium.
</p>

<a class="CV_body"><p align="center"><iframe src="/assets/McCarthy_CV_without_REFS.pdf" width="500" height="600"/></iframe></p></a>
